Training and workshops are selling out!










HANDS-ON |  
View online
 












 


 









TAKE YOUR SKILLS TO THE NEXT LEVEL


 


 









Training, certification, and workshops are selling out fast at this year's DockerCon. Follow these steps to add them to your registration:1. Click "Register" in the top right corner of the DockerCon website.2. Log in using your registration credentials.3. Once you're logged in, scroll down until you see the "Purchased Items" section.4. Click the button that says "Purchase Additional Registration Items".5. Click the training, certification, or workshop, that you want to add to your pass and follow the instructions to complete the purchase.

 


 












GET STARTED
 






 













 








Docker skills are highly sought after, and the Docker Certified Associate (DCA) exam is designed to validate that skillset with real-world questions designed by experienced Docker practitioners.
 








CERTIFICATION EXAM
 






 


 













 








From Docker Fundamentals to Troubleshooting and Support, DockerCon has training for everyone. See the full list of courses available at this week’s event and add them to your registration.
 








TRAINING
 






 


 













 








Deepen your knowledge and understanding of the Docker platform and how it can work for your development or operations workflows. Add a workshop to your DockerCon pass, for just $100.

 








WORKSHOPS
 






 


 








BEST-SELLING WORKSHOPS
 


 













 









 














  

















 









 




















LEARN MORE
 






 








GET TO KNOW YOUR SPEAKERS
We’ve got some amazing speakers are this year’s DockerCon. Find them giving workshops, breakout sessions, and on the keynote stage.

 


 













 




Liz Rice
 




Session: eBPF Superpowers
 









 




Ian Coldwater
 




Session: Crafty Requests: Deep Dive into a Kubernetes CVE
 









 




Phil Estes
 




Session: Giving Back to Upstream: An Open Source Beginner's Primer
 





















 




Patrick Chanezon
 




Session: Developing Cloud Native Applications with Docker Desktop and Cloud Services
 









 




Bret Fisher
 




Session: Node.js Rocks in Docker for Dev and Ops
 









 




Laura Tacho
 




Session: Building Your Development Pipeline
 




















VIEW ALL SESSIONS
 






 















  

















 


 


© 2019 Docker Inc. All rights reserved | Privacy Policy |  This email was sent to cloudallera@gmail.com and you may change message preferences or Unsubscribe at any time. 144 Townsend Street, San Francisco, CA 94107 CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: The contents of this email message and any attachments are intended solely for the addressee and may contain confidential and/or privileged information and may be legally protected from disclosure. If you are not the intended recipient of this message or their agent, or if this message has been addressed to you in error, please immediately alert the sender by reply email and then delete this message and any attachments. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any use, dissemination, copying, or storage of this message or its attachments is strictly prohibited.



 


 

 






  


 










