Ethical Hacking Career Program starts TOMORROW - 40% OFF code HACKER40
To start a career in ethical hacking, the Penetration Tester Career Path is designed to get you job ready and hired.
To view this email as a web page, click here

                                                           

















 







 


 



 











 







 


 



 











 




Penetration Tester Career Path



 



 











 




To start a career in ethical hacking, the Penetration Tester Career Path is designed to get you job ready and hired. You will start learning fast, gaining practical knowledge, and developing hands-on skills through unlimited labs, CTFs, and practice exams. Through the program you will get interview preparation and resume building workshops with experienced mentors in the field to help guide you to your next level. Use code HACKER40 for 40% OFF
Annual Memberships



 



 










 







 START YOUR ETHICAL HACKING CAREER 



 


 


 











 




Start your 7-day money back guarantee trial today!
Limited Time Offer



 



 










 

















 



 


 


 











 




Pen Tester Career Path Success



 



 











 




"I got a job as a cybersecurity analyst at Radware with a salary I’ve never even dreamed about AND with no prior experience."AlexeiPen Tester Career Path: 4 months



 



 










 

















 



 


 


 











 




Everything You Need To Get Started



 



 










 










 






 


 




Unlimited Virtual LabsGain hands on experience with Capture The Flag (CTF) assessments, virtual labs, and practice exams. After joining Insider Pro you will have unlimited online access to develop your skills at whatever level you are at.LAUNCH LABS>>




 


 


 










 










 






 


 




Guided SyllabusThe Penetration Tester Career Path syllabus gives you a detailed roadmap of the carefully curated curriculum for all the courses, labs, and assessments to complete the program.ACCESS GUIDED CURRICULUM >>




 


 


 










 










 






 


 




Mentors & CommunityWhen you join Insider Pro you will be immersed in a community of motivated cyber professionals as well as be mentored by industry veterans who will lead you to your career goals every step of the way.JOIN THE COMMUNITY >>




 


 


 










 

















 



 


 


 











 




Preparation for Essential Certifications



 



 











 




The Penetration Tester Career Path provides all the resources to take AND pass the industry's most recognized certifications.



 



 











 








 • CompTIA Linux+ • CompTIA Security+ • EC-Council CEH • EC-Council CHFI 








 



 










 

















 



 


 


 











 




Join Insider Pro40% OFF code HACKER40Annual Membership



 



 










 







 ENROLL TO BECOME A PEN TESTER 



 


 


 











 




Discount Code Expires Today!



 



 










 

















 



 


 


 










 










 






 


 




Cybrary Is Hiring!Are you looking to give back to the cyber and I.T. community? Apply to become an instructor, teaching assistant, mentor, or writer. Reach over 2 million people with the content you create, allowing you to become an industry superstar! APPLY NOW >>




 


 


 










 

















 



 


 


 











 




...[메일의 일부입니다.]  전체 메일 보기