You’re on your own








Hey there,

Sometimes, when life hands you lemons, you just gotta make some lemonade.

Good things like to hide in plain sight, and what you might consider to be a major setback could in fact be a huge opportunity for growth.

Over on Twitter, Real Python follower “Beareroftruth” is experiencing something like this right now:

~ ~ ~

Hello @realpython I have a situation.  I got my first junior mid level python job.  There was supposed to be a senior Dev but he left now it’s just me.  I’m freaking out, any suggestions?

~ ~ ~

Ouch, that sounds absolutely terrifying, especially for a junior dev who is just starting out in the field.

Imagine...

You’re coming in on your first Python job, fully expecting to have someone there to show you the ropes, get you on board, and help ease you into your new role.

And suddenly, that person is gone!

It’s a pretty nerve-wracking experience…

But situations like these are the perfect chance for you to really step up to the plate and show what you’re made of.

If you ever find yourself in a situation like this, then here’s how to quickly turn things in your favor:

The first step is to get a support system in place. 

Surround yourself with people who can help you succeed in your new, uncertain environment—

Ask your company if they can hire a short-term consultant as a mentor or coach to help get you up to speed. 

Or, reach out to a co-worker and see if they’d be willing to be your sounding buddy. 

Make contact with the Python community, either online via forums and chat groups, or in-person at conferences and meetups.

Bottom line is, you have to ask for help. Don’t be afraid to do this! Your co-workers and manager(s) want you to succeed just as much as you do.

Once you’ve got good people around you, it’s time to take your learning into your own hands:

As a developer, you’ll never stop learning new things. But the learning curve is steeper without someone in place to guide you.

I’m not going to sugarcoat it—in a “sink or swim” situation like this you’ll likely have to fight hard and burn the midnight oil for a couple of months to prevail.

But when you come out the other end you’ll have vastly improved your confidence and business value as a developer.

So, commit to setting aside an hour or two each day to focus on learning a new tool, concept, or technique. 

Think about what you might need to perform well in your job, and find tutorials that will walk you through those processes.

At Real Python we have hundreds of tutorials that will teach you everything from setting up a virtual environment to deploying a finished Python app with Docker.

Plus, as a member, you’ll get access to our entire video course library, interactive quizzes, learning paths, and bonus resources to level-up your coding skills. It’s like a “gym for Pythonistas” with new classes you can take every week.

(Also, you’ll get to chat with other Pythonistas and the RP Tutorial Team in the Real Python Slack community—another support system at your fingertips!)

You can learn more here:

→ Real Python Courses & Membership benefits

Stay positive. You’ll get through this.

— Dan Bader
























To make sure you keep getting these emails, please add info@realpython.com to your address book or whitelist us. Want out of the loop? Unsubscribe.

308 E. 5th Ave, Vancouver BC V5T 1H4








